README.md, before:

# g2command

## Overview

This Dockerfile is a wrapper over Senzing's G2Command.py.

### Contents

1. [Expectations](#expectations)
1. [Demonstrate using Docker](#demonstrate-using-docker)
    1. [Configuration](#configuration)
    1. [Database support](#database-support)
    1. [Run docker container](#run-docker-container)
1. [References](#references)

### Legend

1. :thinking: - A "thinker" icon means that a little extra thinking may be required.
   Perhaps you'll need to make some choices.
   Perhaps it's an optional step.
1. :pencil2: - A "pencil" icon means that the instructions may need modification before performing.
1. :warning: - A "warning" icon means that something tricky is happening, so pay attention.

## Expectations

- **Space:** This repository and demonstration require 1 GB free disk space.
- **Time:** Budget 40 minutes to get the demonstration up-and-running, depending on CPU and network speeds.
- **Background knowledge:** This repository assumes a working knowledge of:
  - [Docker](https://github.com/Senzing/knowledge-base/blob/main/WHATIS/docker.md)

## Demonstrate using Docker

### Configuration

Configuration values specified by environment variable or command line parameter.

- **[SENZING_DEBUG](https://github.com/Senzing/knowledge-base/blob/main/lists/environment-variables.md#senzing_debug)**

### Database support

:thinking: **Optional:**  Some database need additional support.
For other databases, these steps may be skipped.

1. **Db2:** See
   [Support Db2](https://github.com/Senzing/knowledge-base/blob/main/HOWTO/support-db2.md)
   instructions to set `SENZING_OPT_IBM_DIR_PARAMETER`.
1. **MS SQL:** See
   [Support MS SQL](https://github.com/Senzing/knowledge-base/blob/main/HOWTO/support-mssql.md)
   instructions to set `SENZING_OPT_MICROSOFT_DIR_PARAMETER`.

### Run docker container

1. Run docker container.
   Example:

    ```console
    sudo docker run \
      --interactive \
      --rm \
      --tty \
      ${SENZING_OPT_IBM_DIR_PARAMETER} \
      ${SENZING_OPT_MICROSOFT_DIR_PARAMETER} \
      senzing/g2command
    ```

## References

- [Development](docs/development.md)
- [Errors](docs/errors.md)
- [Examples](docs/examples.md)
- Related artifacts
  - [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/senzing/g2command)

Commit message:

#130 Migrate repository (#137)
* #130 Migrate repository

* #130 Migrate repository

README.md, after:

# g2command

If you are beginning your journey with
[Senzing](https://senzing.com/),
please start with
[Senzing Quick Start guides](https://docs.senzing.com/quickstart/).

You are in the
[Senzing Garage](https://github.com/senzing-garage)
where projects are "tinkered" on.
Although this GitHub repository may help you understand an approach to using Senzing,
it's not considered to be "production ready" and is not considered to be part of the Senzing product.
Heck, it may not even be appropriate for your application of Senzing!

## Overview

This Dockerfile is a wrapper over Senzing's G2Command.py.

### Contents

1. [Expectations](#expectations)
1. [Demonstrate using Docker](#demonstrate-using-docker)
    1. [Configuration](#configuration)
    1. [Database support](#database-support)
    1. [Run docker container](#run-docker-container)
1. [References](#references)

### Legend

1. :thinking: - A "thinker" icon means that a little extra thinking may be required.
   Perhaps you'll need to make some choices.
   Perhaps it's an optional step.
1. :pencil2: - A "pencil" icon means that the instructions may need modification before performing.
1. :warning: - A "warning" icon means that something tricky is happening, so pay attention.

## Expectations

- **Space:** This repository and demonstration require 1 GB free disk space.
- **Time:** Budget 40 minutes to get the demonstration up-and-running, depending on CPU and network speeds.
- **Background knowledge:** This repository assumes a working knowledge of:
  - [Docker](https://github.com/senzing-garage/knowledge-base/blob/main/WHATIS/docker.md)

## Demonstrate using Docker

### Configuration

Configuration values specified by environment variable or command line parameter.

- **[SENZING_DEBUG](https://github.com/senzing-garage/knowledge-base/blob/main/lists/environment-variables.md#senzing_debug)**

### Database support

:thinking: **Optional:**  Some database need additional support.
For other databases, these steps may be skipped.

1. **Db2:** See
   [Support Db2](https://github.com/senzing-garage/knowledge-base/blob/main/HOWTO/support-db2.md)
   instructions to set `SENZING_OPT_IBM_DIR_PARAMETER`.
1. **MS SQL:** See
   [Support MS SQL](https://github.com/senzing-garage/knowledge-base/blob/main/HOWTO/support-mssql.md)
   instructions to set `SENZING_OPT_MICROSOFT_DIR_PARAMETER`.

### Run docker container

1. Run docker container.
   Example:

    ```console
    sudo docker run \
      --interactive \
      --rm \
      --tty \
      ${SENZING_OPT_IBM_DIR_PARAMETER} \
      ${SENZING_OPT_MICROSOFT_DIR_PARAMETER} \
      senzing/g2command
    ```

## References

- [Development](docs/development.md)
- [Errors](docs/errors.md)
- [Examples](docs/examples.md)
- Related artifacts
  - [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/senzing/g2command)
